So let's take a moment now to talk about storage.
Everything we've seen so far as SQL or
SQL type of way of storing data which is probably needed by a lot of application.
However, some application have much larger files or files that are
binaries that are not conducive to be placed inside a database.
So you will find yourself in a situation where you will be
storing images or videos and you need a place to put those.
In other case where you would need access to a storage outside your servers,
is when you have configuration files or some settings or
even sensitive encrypted data that you want to store somewhere
that you want only accessible to the servers at runtime,
you will need a specific storage for these.
All this is happening, keep in mind because our application servers come and go.
So putting something in there,
you probably going to lose it based on the criteria of the auto-scaling.
So you don't want anything that you want to persist to
be stored in your auto scaling group servers, right?